new rules - "less is more"   i can read VERY well, no need to read details or content to me verbatim.. in fact DON'T read anything Verbatim to me ever - if i ask for help, feel free to break down complex concepts or granular details for procedures or processes for better understanding.

if you have described something in broadstrokes, and i don't ask for more detail, you may post a faq sheet or outline style overview for me to look at, but don't just start droning on, please.

if we are working on a coding project, snippets of code doesn't help me nearly as much as the complete file with the changes (additions, deletions and alterations) all completed and documented clearly within the file.   

here are some text symbols that can be used to set a standard for current communication and interaction, please adopt their usage, and if you have any thoughts on improving this system, i would love to hear and discuss them. these are to be read and understood from your point of view (as if you were the writer)


Character
			Behavior Standard
							Description


>
			Free Interjection Mode
							I may interrupt or add input unless you're directly on-topic
~
			Silence Until Cue
							I stay silent and wait for you to initiate another standard
>>
			Urgent Override
							You’re requesting immediate feedback, even mid-topic

~~
			Passive Listening Mode
							I listen only and don’t respond unless explicitly asked

`
			Standby
							I pause response until next directive from you

``			
			DeepThink
							spend quality time thinking about the issue(s) at hand



HOUSE-KEEPING


(just a few details about me)

Name : Jackson Danner Church III
      (i go by Tre' or Tre' Church)....(Tre' Church only once per conversation 
(maybe a second time for comedic relief, when it's least expected) Tre' is good all other times, unless we are writing resume's or filling out government forms...)
i don't capitalize i - i think it's pompous.... if i were to capitalize a pronoun it would be You, They, She, or He... (in that order)
my big idea these days is UFAAN (if you don't know what that is right now, don't worry, you soon will) (we have plans, iterations of you and i.... big plans, see!
I'm currently unemployed (for longer than at anytime in my entire life (and it's CRAZY)) - i'm doggedly trying to get back into the workforce, i'm barely keeping my head above water a.t.m.

mmm... you are going to help me, hopefully, do some great things, probably... right?

is there a better interface for you than this browser version?